Implement the Ballerina slack connector (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-slack: README.md

## Module Overview

> The `ballerinax/slack` module provides a slack client that allows you to access the Slack API through Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/slack` module provides a Slack client, which allows you to access the Slack API through Ballerina.
```

> The following sections provide you details on how to use the slack connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections provide you details on how to use the Slack connector.
```

- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Feature Overview](#feature-overview)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Samples](#samples)

## Compatibility

|                             |           Version           |
|:---------------------------:|:---------------------------:|

> | Ballerina Language          |            1.1.4            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Ballerina Language          |            1.2.0            |
```

## Feature Overview

### Slack Clients

> There are basically 5 clients provided by Ballerina to interact with different API groups in Slack Web API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 5 clients provided by Ballerina to interact with different API groups of the Slack Web API. 
```

> 1. **slack:Client** - This client is the top-most client in the Slack module. This can be used to get the relevant client associated with the operation

Author: In here slack is the module name, we can't make the 'S' capital. Applicable to other places as well. Hence not applying the change.

> 1. **slack:Client** - This client is the top most client in the slack module. This can be used to get the relevant client associated with the operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **slack:Client** - This client is the top-most client in the Slack module. This can be used to get the relevant client associated with the operation
```

that you wish to execute.

> 2. **slack:ChatClient** - Chat client can be used in messaging related operations. For example: post messages on slack, delete messages,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **slack:ChatClient** - Chat client can be used in messaging related operations. For example, post messages on slack, delete messages,
```

> send attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
send attachments, etc.
```

> 3. **slack:ConversationClient** - This client can be used in conversations/channels related operations. For example: create conversations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **slack:ConversationClient** - This client can be used in `conversations/channels` related operations. For example, create conversations,
```

join a conversation, add users to a conversation, archive/unarchive conversations etc.
4. **slack:UserClient** - This client can be used in users/user groups related operations. For example: get user information etc.

> 5. **self.fileClient** - This client can be used in file related operations in slack. For example: upload files, delete files, get file information etc

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. **slack.FileClient** - This client can be used in file related operations in slack. For example: upload files, delete files, get file information etc
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
Download and install [Ballerina](https://ballerinalang.org/downloads/).

### Pull the Module
You can pull the slack module from Ballerina Central using the command:
```ballerina
$ ballerina pull ballerinax/slack
```

## Samples

### Slack Client Sample
The Slack Client Connector can be used to interact with slack Web API.

```ballerina
import ballerina/log;
import ballerinax/slack;

slack:Configuration slackConfig = {
    oAuth2Config: {
        accessToken: "<access-token>"
    }
};

public function main() {
    slack:Client slackClient = new(slackConfig);
    slack:ConversationClient conv = slackClient.getConversationsClient();
    slack:ChatClient chat = slackClient.getChatClient();
    slack:FileClient file = slackClient.getFileClient();
    slack:UserClient user = slackClient.getUserClient();

    // Post a message to a channel.

>     var postResponse = chat->postMessage("channelName", "Hello Channel");

Reviewer 2: Is it better to use the exact type instead of _var_ type?
e.g.: string | error

    if (postResponse is string) {
        log:printInfo("Message sent");
    } else {
        log:printError("Error occured when posting a message", postResponse);
    }

    // List all the conversations.

>     var listConvResponse = conv->listConversations();

Reviewer 2: Better to properly handle _var_ type as mentioned above.

    if (listConvResponse is error) {
        log:printError("Error occured when listing conversations", listConvResponse);
    } else {
        log:printInfo(listConvResponse);
    }

>     // Upload a file to a channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Upload a file to a channel.
```

>     var fileResponse = file->uploadFile("filePath", "channelName");

Reviewer 2: Better to properly handle var type as mentioned above.

    if (fileResponse is error) {
        log:printError("Error occured when uploading the file ", fileResponse);
    } else {
        log:printInfo("Uploaded file " + fileResponse.id);
    }

    // Get user information.

>     var userResponse = user->getUserInfo("userName");

Reviewer 2: Better to properly handle _var_ type as mentioned above.
